Master Data rights for Admin

Steps for Purchase Organisation- 

1. On the left side of the page, expand the black panel by clicking on 4 parallel lines, click Master Data.
2. Click on Purchase Org to add Organization.
3. Enter the name of the organisation and click on save. Also make sure the IsActivecheckbox is always tick.

Steps for Purchase Group-

1. On the left side of the page, expand the black panel by clicking on 4 parallel lines, click Master Data.
2. Click on Purchase Group to add Group.
3.  First select the organisation for which you want to make a group. Then enter the name of the group and click on save. Also make sure the IsActivecheckbox is always tick.

Steps for Map Role/Menu-
1. On the left side of the page, expand the black panel by clicking on 4 parallel lines, click Master Data.
2. Click on Map Role/Menu to map the roles.
3. First enter the role name and then click on add. You can also click on the action icon and then edit the role’s name.
4. Then click on Save and Continue to proceed further.
5. Select the role from the dropdown.
6.  Select all the menu items you want to give to the selected role.

Steps for Items/Services Master and UOM Master-
1. On the left side of the page, expand the black panel by clicking on 4 parallel lines, click Master Data.
2. Click on Items/Services Master to add Item Tags and click on UOM Master to add units of measurement.
3. Enter the name of the Item/Service and click on submit. Also make sure the IsActivecheckbox is always tick.
4. Enter the unit of measurement in UOM and enter it’s UOM ID and click on submit. Also make sure the IsActivecheckbox is always tick.

Steps for Reports-
1. On the left side of the page, expand the black panel by clicking on 4 parallel lines, click Reports.
2. Click on the report you want to see.
3. Select the user whose events you want to see. Also, there is an option ‘All’ to see report of every event.
4.  Once you click on submit, the list of all the events will be shown below.
