General Rules

General Rules of Reverse-Auctions:
1. Your participation in the Reverse-Auction is your deemed acceptance to the General Rules of
the Reverse Auction, Special Conditions of Contract, LD clause, General and Commercial
Terms attached/mentioned in the e-Auction. There are no deviations allowed.
However, your customer reserves the right to accept specific deviations. Please contact your
customer’s e-Auction administration (the person who has configured the e-Auction) to get
email acceptance to your proposed deviation before the start of the Reverse Auction.
2. The Bidding Currency is as mentioned in the e-Auction.
3. This bidding is formal business negotiation process between the customer and the vendor.
The bid of the bidder will be considered to be a formal offer to sell. The bidder is bound to
sell the material as mentioned above at the price that they bid – irrespective to whether
they are L1 or Not L1.
4. The Reverse Auction will be conducted on the scheduled date and time mentioned in the
Reverse Auction invitation email. Should there be any change in Reverse Auction schedule,
the bidders will be formally notified for the same.
5. Start or Ceiling Price: The e-Auction may have a line-item wise Start Price – which is the
maximum acceptable price or the ceiling price of that item. If the Start Price is visible on the
screen, the bidders can put their initial bid equal to or less than the indicated start price. In
case Start Price is not disclosed, vendors can start bidding from price of their choice.
6. During the e-Auction, the bidders can reduce their prices as many times as they wish. Bids
once made by the bidder cannot be cancelled. Also, the bidders cannot quote higher price
than their previously quoted bid.

7. Bid Decrement Rules:

•

Auction Type – English: The minimum decrement is the minimum amount, by which the
bidders have to compulsorily reduce price for their next bid from their own current bid. E.g.
if a bidder has quoted Rs. 100 and bid decrement is Re 1, the next valid bid would be
maximum Rs. 99. However, the bidder can quote any amount lower than Rs. 99. So in this
example, Rs. 98, Rs. 98.50, Rs. 95, Rs. 98.90 are valid bids. However, Rs. 99.50 is not a valid
bid (as it has not been reduced by minimum decrement of Re. 1)

So, if Auction Type is English, the Bid Decrement is only calculated from your own bid not from the
L1 bid (if displayed)

General Rules
•

Auction Type – Japanese: The minimum decrement is the minimum amount, by which the
bidders have to compulsorily reduce price for their next bid from ongoing lowest (L1) price.
E.g. if a bidder has quoted Rs. 100 and bid decrement is Re 1 and current displayed L1 price
is Rs. 98, the next valid bid would be maximum Rs. 97 (Current L1 – Bid Decrement = Rs. 98 –
Re. 1). However, the bidder can quote any amount lower than Rs. 97. So in this example,
Rs. 96, Rs. 96.50, Rs. 95, Rs. 95.90 are valid bids. However, Rs. 99 is not a valid bid (as it has
not been reduced by minimum decrement of Re. 1 from the L1 price)

So, if Auction Type is Japanese, the Bid Decrement is only calculated from the currently L1 bid.

8. Price Quoted by other bidders: The system does not accept same price being quoted by two
vendors. So, if you quote a price, which has been previously quoted by any other vendor, the
system will not accept that bid. Please revise your price and re-submit your quote.

9. In English Reverse Auction, The customer may choose to display or hide the ongoing L1 price
(Live Lowest Bidded Price) any time during the bidding to all bidders for better participation.
Please be attentive during the bidding. However, in Japanese Reverse Auction, it will always
be displayed.

10. The L1 rank will be displayed line item-wise.

11. Your final rank will be L1, if you are L1 at the end of the Reverse Auction event. Please ensure
you are logged in at the time of e-Auction finishing. However, being L1 may not ensure
winner.

12. At the end of the e-Auction, the customer will evaluate all the bids submitted and will decide
upon the winner(s), if any. The customer may re-negotiate prices with bidders after eAuctions in case Reverse Auction results are not satisfactory.
13. The customer is the final decision maker about the winner and reserves the rights to split the
order between participants based on price competitiveness, past performance, availability
and lead time for supply.

14. The bid may extend based on certain system-driven bidding patterns. Please note that if
there is any bid received in last one minute, the bid time will automatically get extended by 2
minutes to give fair opportunity to all. Hence avoid quoting your best price at the last
moment.

General Rules
15. Failure of power or loss of connectivity at the premises of bidders during the Reverse Auction
cannot be the cause for not participating in the reverse auction. On account of this, the time
for the e-Auction cannot be extended and the customer is not responsible for such
eventualities.

16. Bidders’ authorized person, who are participating are advised to get fully trained and clear all
their doubts such as Quantity being auctioned, value being auctioned, UOM, delivery
schedule etc.

17. The customer reserves the rights to cancel/re-schedule/extend the Reverse Auction at any
time, before placing the formal Purchase Order, without assigning any reason.

18. The Bidder shall not divulge either his/her Bids or any other exclusive details to any other
party, including other bidders in e-Auction or any other entity at any point – before, during
or after the e-Auction.

19. If the Bidder or any of his representatives are found to be involved in Price manipulation/
cartel formation of any kind, directly or indirectly by communicating with other bidders, the
customer reserves the right to blacklist the concerned bidder/s and / or cancel the eAuction.

20. The e-Auction bidding is the process formal negotiation between buyer and seller as per
rules set.

End of Document

Please contact with ProcurEngine Team at
+91 96507 49600 for any assistance

