Steps for Supplier/Vendor registration-

Method 1-
1. You will see this dashboard upon logging in. On the left side of the page, expand the black panel by clicking on 4 parallel lines, click Manage, and then select Register Participants.
2. Enter the supplier’s email and click on proceed.
3. Fill in all the necessary details that are marked as mandatory- Contact & Company Details.
4. Enter the GST Number and then click on the right-side icon to verify the GST.
5. Once GST number is verified from the government website, you get a pop-up with confirmation. Click Ok.
6. With the verification, most company details get filled automatically.
7. In case, the supplier doesn’t have GST, you can select the option of ‘Unregistered’ from the tax type drop down and enter the company details manually.
8. Fill in the pending details. Tag the supplier in the relevant Item/Service. You can Tag a supplier in more than one Item/Service as well.
9. Once all the details are filled, click on submit. Your supplier will get registered.

Method 2-
10. You can also invite the suppliers to register themselves on the platform.
11. Click on the invite button.
12. Please enter the email ID and click on '+' button to add. You can add multiple email IDs at once and click on the Invite Vendor tab.
13. You can also invite the suppliers to register themselves on the platform.
14. Click on the invite button.
15. All the approved suppliers get registered and are added in the approved vendors list.
16. Once the supplier submits his information. You will get the option to Approve or Reject him in the Park Vendors tab.
17. You can search your registered suppliers in the Approved Vendors search bar.
18. Click on the expand button to view or edit the details. You can add additional information in the 4 tabs as shown.


In case the supplier email ID is already registered in procurEngine. The below window opens up.
 1) In case the company details match your requirement, you can click on Ext Edit, tag the supplier
 in relevant Item/service, and submit. The supplier will be extended to you.
 2) In the second scenario – In case the company details do not match your requirement, you can 
click on add another, add the company details and click submit.
To delete a supplier from your vendor list, uncheck the active button.
Expand the company name and click on submit. The supplier will be removed from your vendor list.